{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9140\viewh5740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In this slide, I analyze department satisfaction ratings based on recruitment type. On-campus: 133 ratings, 72 were satisfied. Recruitment: 108 ratings 59 were satisfied. Referral: 131 ratings,  68 were satisfied. Walk-in: 128 ratings, 64 were satisfied. \
\
In this slide, you will see that I am comparing employees from the city and the suburbs, and satisfaction ratings with the department each work in. Out of the 500 individuals that are employed, you can see that there are not many employees that are satisfied with their current employment. 254 postgraduates provided ratings and of those 121 provided a satisfactory rating. 246 undergraduates provided ratings and 126 provided satisfactory ratings. I have added each department together in order to provide these numbers. 259 employees from the city provided ratings and of those 140 employees were satisfied, out of 241 employees from the suburbs, 123 are satisfied with their current employment. You can see each department\'92s total number of employees that provided a 100% satisfaction rate.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I compare the number of post-graduate/undergraduate employee satisfaction ratings per department they work in. As you can see there are more undergraduate employees from the city than post-graduates. As for the suburbs, more post-graduates are satisfied than undergraduates. When you combine each department within the city and suburbs you get 106 employees from the HR department that gave a rating and 53 were satisfied, 95 ratings from Marketing with 44 satisfied, 109 ratings from Purchasing and 62 were satisfied, 92 ratings from Sales and 51 satisfied, and 98 ratings from Technology and 53 who were satisfied with their department. I would say that Purchasing is the winner with the most satisfied employees.}